My name's charles adler animate
co-founder of kick-start in a setting the genesis of the platform starts with co-founder
...back in twenty-one when he was trying to
...event is mania ambition was of sharing this music and
in this cultural event with community in around norman's and,
missing component was the funding to get the thing off the
ground.
...eventually became the thing that solve that problem and
...heart of added still...sort of beating today which is effectively getting all
these projects that their pet projects for people creative projects.
Into culture...into bring back that sort of creative spirit that
creative independence back into what we see every day like region
and contribute to world.
And, I think, you know, that's one thing that kept us going...we're looking at, you know,
some competitor popping up before we launched its moment of potential distraction.